 Overall feedback

 Key feedback: Signal calcs are all wrong. For instance, sales velocity is not 53. Support SLA is not 53 either.


 TW-01 good
 Tw-02 Don't need 2 options for perspective. Confusing
 TW-03 Can see analysis block, but it's wrong. For insufficient data, 'how to source it'is not in friendly language, or takes user context in account. Just whats missing, and examples of how it could look. For requested, insufficient data card, 
 TW-04 Content is visible, but wrong .All cards show 53. Why it's recommended is not particulrly easy to understand. It needs to answer 'why should i care about this?'. Expanded anlysis is visible, but, again, it's wrong, not relevant to the KPI. I can scroll between cards though.
 TW-05 'Why it's recommended' should be in the tone of 'why we're recommending it for surge, in his context', not my context. The missing data is not relevant/useful either. 
 TW-06 With Sam, she has the same cards as Surge. They should be different, as she has context, role, requested KPIs, recommended KPIS

KPI 1: Total leads
 If user gives 'meh' metric, like total leads. We should recommended better metrics. 
 Like leads per mnonth. Refine instructions to AI call.


Total leads is correct.
Why does it say illustrative?

Lead conversion should be a metric

Analysis should be per month. 
Should identify interesting sub trends. Like leads each month.

Who the leads came from? Area? (only if data shows it)

How is good/bad takeaway decided. Why neutral?

Need benchmark

Root cause: how to give interesting root case, when it's neutral?

In provenance, why overview and expanded?

KPI 2: sales win rationale
KPI calc is wrong.


Your goal/KPI is to improve 'signal card value', from the user's point of view. I will provide feedback, you will provide suggestions of how to improve signal value. 

First, let's define signal value:
- the kpi calcs are correct. this includes the right date range, for the data. e.g. if leads total, user probably wants leads per month as well. this should be an additional kpi
